there are many inconsistencies between the current react site and the vanilla site in functionality. I have outlined in detail a few. I love the improvements the react site has made on ui and flow, but it has a lot of areas it can be improved or where it missed the mark entirely in migration. As you systematically review each and every one of these pages, issues outlined, and so on, ensure you thoroughly look through the vanilla site for how the functionality worked for each of the issues described.

Characters page: add character button gives no feedback when you hover it 

Character Creation page: the button to move on in character creation is gone (not visible)
No traits in the species (ids not being looked up?)
the + button doesn't show up until you have +3 in the stat (the increase button isn't visible)
only one feat total, should let you add one archetype feat and one character feat, plus one additional archetype feat for powered-martial characters, and two instead for martial characters.
many buttons / fonts are the same color as the background and aren't aesthetically pleasing or visible.
Current step highlight makes the text white and almost invisible, all the next steps are almost too greyed out to even see. continue button is invisible and can't be seen. clicking on a species on the species step should pull up a popup modal that shows all the species summary (the same as our cute sleek design for them in the codex, reference the vanilla site for this styles/layout of the species summary). species also don't have speed and usually have two sizes in an array from rtdb. once the popup modal for the species shows you can read through it, and hit "Pick Me!" to choose it and move onto ancestry, or pick "Nah..." to close the modal and look at others. or you could click outside the modal to look at the others as well. Next button on all steps is invisible. Ancestry tab has no species traits pulled (should use the species traits id's array, point to the traits collection in the rtdatabase, and display each of the species tratis, flaws, etc. based on if they are a flaw true, characterstic true, etc. it should let you select one to two ancestry traits (one extra for two if you chose the flaw, optional) and one characteristic.

Encounter Tracker: selected creature's initiative values are invisible when it's its turn. green bar on all added combatants has no purpose/ function. Adding a decaying condition (we need to rename these leveled conditions as they no longer decay) needs to allow you to right click it to reduce it's value. Need ability to add custom conditions (leveled by default) hitting x on decaying (now leveled) condition should remove it instead of decreasing a level. next turn button invisible. Each combatant should be able to be clicked and dragged to different order in the initiative. If it's that combatants turn when dragged, it remains their turn and continues in the order from the turn after theirs (in the new dragged position). Missing sort initiative button. When you start initiative it should sort according to how the vanilla site does it, with alternative initiative order for allies and enemies, in order of highest roll for initiative. ie if ally a has 2, b has 3, c has 4, and enemy a has 20, b has 19, c has 18, the order is enemy a, ally c, enemy b, ally b, enemy c, ally a, and so on. Ties are decided by who has the higher acuity, and if this is still a tie, alphabetical order can sort it, with allies going first if it's the first or top of initiative (since it's auto sorting.)

Creature Creator: (uses many of the same logic for character creator, and character sheet editing/leveling etc.) All of the increase buttons are invisible (likely too white on a white background) seems to be a common issue across the site with invisible white on white buttons and such. Across the entire site, gp is not a thing, we don't have gold, only currency, or "c" for abbreviation. ie 200 c not 200 gp. when taking a negative to an ability it should increase the available ability points to use, like the character creator or character sheet editing, etc. Proficiency isn't a main creature summary thing, rather it's points you have to allocate similarly to training points, ability points, etc. so allocating proficeicny points between power and martial proficeicny should take this into account, going into the negative if you overspend and so on. minimum energy should be equal to the highest ability other than vitality * level, similarly to how health minimum is vitality * level (unless negative, in which case vitality makes your base health negative but only applies at first level not each level after.) for fraction levels, energy and health have the same minimums as level one determined by vitality and highest ability other than vitality. I prefer how the vanilla site has health and energy increases, showing the minimum value as the base and allowing you to increase/decrease it down to the minimum, but not below, indiated by a color change of the decrease button. I also don't see where, if anywhere, feat points are tracked at. Feat points are essential to the creature creator. It also seems to be retriving feats for the creature from the feat list, but it's supposed to be using specifically the realtime database's creature feats, not normal feats as you'd expect. it's good the creature summary scrolls with you, but it's almost more important that the spendable values scroll with you (true about all creators) so you can see what your current spent values are at, how much more you can spend, etc. Finally, it's likely that you're not using the id's tied to certain creature feats to determine how many feat points addig things like weaknesses, resistances, immunities, senses, etc. Each of these is tied to a specific creature feat id with feat point value, or at least should be. no need to specify the ability has a cost of 1 in the assign ability scores section (this is assumed.) the expand collapse features of the skills page is odd, and I want you to purpose a new ui design for this page that is more intuitive and reflective of the edit mode for skills in the character sheet itself. Weapons equipment and armor don't seem to be loading in the character creator equipment page. Nither do powers or techniques.

Creators note: All creators use a similar system of saving loading, displaying spent resources/values/summaries, etc. (this is for the power, techniques, armaments, and creator creators specifically). We should seek for these all to be intuitively similar to eachother in layout and functionalty, not different from eachother. Find ways to do this. For instance the save and load buttons are in different locations with creature creator compared to other creators like power, technique, and etc. They don't need to be. This and many other differences make it unneccissarily unfamiliar. We want it to be for a user "you've learned one ui, you've learned them all!" essentially.

Codex/Library notes: The layout/format for codex and library should be almost identical, even if one has more details, more expanded information (chips and things) or filtering logic/ filters. They use similar systems of displayed lists of expandable and collapsible data (which is used all over the site!) so we really want to get these uniform with eachother and other pages, we don't want each page to be unique and different from the others, yes they each have their own function, but styles and flow shouldn't be. If we can unify much of the styles and how we approach these types of pages, collapsible features, etc. it will greatly improve the scalability and user experience for the website.

Codex: The armament properties and equipment tabs have no functionality like the others do for list items, expanding and collapsing, etc. This should be an easily copied module that can be used across the site for lists/list items like these. error for skills tab:" dc577b4d35bb12aa.js:1 Uncaught TypeError: e.charAt is not a function
    at dc577b4d35bb12aa.js:1:18062
    at Array.map (<anonymous>)
    at v (dc577b4d35bb12aa.js:1:18037)
    at av (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:63275)
    at oY (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:83548)
    at io (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:94980)
    at sc (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:138001)
    at fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:137846
    at ss (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:137854)
    at u9 (fed4668fa8a3b3e5.js:1:133779)" error for database (no feats loading) "installHook.js:1 [rtdb-hooks] RTDB not initialized" equipment not loading either "[rtdb-hooks] No data found at path: equipment"
Species tab: the traits, flaws, etc are ids; not names. The id's are tied to the rt database traits lists. I want the species to have more unique display to show each of the traits, ancestry traits, flaws, characterists (currently not loading in) and so on, similar to how the vanilla site displayed them in their own categories and boxes within the expanded species list item. make it look cute with sleek clean ui. note, species don't have a related speed value, so don't add/show this at all. I also liked the 0-10 10-0 displays or ascending and decending for the headers, to the right of related headers. or in some cases it'd be "small-large large-small" such as with species sizes in the codex, or "partial-full, full-partial" for recovery periods for feats, etc. if we can add these and make them look sleek, clean, etc. that'd be great.

Power Creator: The basic power mechaics reflect a pattern in some creators, where some features will always be a consideration. Power creator is also essentially a more advanced technique creator, so what we do to it can likely be applied to technique creator if it relates. We are missing almost all of the basic mechanic options, such as duration, range, and area of effect with their related options. Additonally I see no advanced power mechanic options / the option to add them. You'll notice the duration logic for calculation is highly nuanced and it's important that power creator is done right so it's calculations are all robust and correct. again issues with invisible buttons for increase.Added damage doesn't seem to be tied to the proper part for base_en, tp, and other costs that relate to adding it. same is true for all the action mechaics, which need to be tied to the id's of parts in the rt database. I can provide a list of the parts you need and their id's, but the vanilla site was supposed to be using this method already. Added parts seem to be lacking the ability for their options to be displayed with their en, tp costs, as well as the ability to increase said options on the part. 

Technique Creator: Weapon type is not the correct name, it should simply be "Weapon" and it should allow you to select a weapon from your saved weapons (dropdown list only, no need for a modal). This is to use the TP cost of the add weapon part from the rt database, which id needs to be tied to this feature to discover the cost per TP based on that parts base_en essentially. It is not called stamina, it's called energy, exactly like the power creator, and it's parts.Added damage doesn't seem to be tied to the proper part for base_en, tp, and other costs that relate to adding it. same is true for all the action mechaics, which need to be tied to the id's of parts in the rt database. I can provide a list of the parts you need and their id's, but the vanilla site was supposed to be using this method already. nothing anywhere on the site is called stamina. Added parts seem to be lacking the ability for their options to be displayed with their en, tp costs, as well as the ability to increase said options on the part. 

Item Creator (Should be renamed Armament Creator): Acessories aren't valid armaments to be added. remove that option. Depending on the armament selected (shield, armor, weapon) it needs to filter the available properties to be only those with the type selected (Weapon, Armor, or Shield), removing properties already added that don't fit that criteria. Again, issues with the hardcoded options not pointing to actual properties in the database based on id's such as for handedness, range, damage, etc. Rarity doesn't seem to be displaying or calculating, neither does it seem to be adding any item points nomatter the properties I add. Again missing the ability to see options for added properties, increase and decrease them see their descriptions etc. Summary doesn't seem to be showing the TP cost of proficiencies needed for properties that have TP costs either.
Errors saving items "Access to fetch at 'https://us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary' from origin 'https://realmsrpg-test.web.app' has been blocked by CORS policy: Response to preflight request doesn't pass access control check: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.Understand this error
us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary:1  Failed to load resource: net::ERR_FAILEDUnderstand this error
installHook.js:1 Error saving item: FirebaseError: internal
overrideMethod @ installHook.js:1Understand this error
item-creator:1 Access to fetch at 'https://us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary' from origin 'https://realmsrpg-test.web.app' has been blocked by CORS policy: Response to preflight request doesn't pass access control check: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.Understand this error
us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary:1  Failed to load resource: net::ERR_FAILEDUnderstand this error
installHook.js:1 Error saving item: FirebaseError: internal
overrideMethod @ installHook.js:1Understand this error
item-creator:1 Access to fetch at 'https://us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary' from origin 'https://realmsrpg-test.web.app' has been blocked by CORS policy: Response to preflight request doesn't pass access control check: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.Understand this error
us-central1-realmsrpg-test.cloudfunctions.net/saveItemToLibrary:1  Failed to load resource: net::ERR_FAILEDUnderstand this error
installHook.js:1 Error saving item: FirebaseError: internal"